hi I'm Josh summers with high country
salmon and today we're going to follow
the seventh
okay so now we're going to sashimi this
bullet and I'll turn it back over again
and if we were doing sashimi in the shop
here at high country salmon we sort of
do it a quick way
I'm sure it's slightly different then
proper sushi chefs would do it but here
in the shop and we go through so much
that we have to do it quite fast so what
we do is we cut the pin bones out so you
want to just put your knife just behind
the pin bones there run it along not all
the way down just sort of work your way
down and the idea is to try and get them
out with there's a little flesh stuck to
them as possible I should just go right
down to the bottom see I've gone right
down and it smooth opens it up you know
if you just run your finger along you
can feel where they end which is about
there somewhere
and just do the same on the other side
it was closing you can get
just along like that now this but it's
quite tricky the pin bones go down on an
angle that way towards the tail
diagonally so if you just run your knife
sort of diagonally down just sort of
feel them where they end just like that
game down to the tail end and just lift
it up cut that bit off
and here we have the Philip really to be
cut and sister she me
and from here what we're going to do is
we're going to cut this the Philip into
three pieces so we're going to have the
loin which is this top bit here the
belly which is the bottom bit and then
just the middle piece which would run
right down to about right down to the
tail we're just going to cut sort of
halfway between the top of the spurt and
the bottom I'm just gonna run it right
down in there and then from there we
left with the belly which again we can
cut we can cut this again if we wanted
to and lines of the first shoulder grain
as we say runs that way and then it
changes and it goes that way
so we just want to cut where you can see
the angle changes just like that and
just leave with four different pieces
just pop those put those aside and just
cut each one slightly differently
yeah just the mobile piece here most
people like it thin and Hoover in some
Asian countries and they like it thick
so we just want to cap cut it right bit
Wolverines
this sort of keeping your fingers out of
the way is sort of moving them down as
you do each cut
all the way to the tail and generally we
wouldn't use the tail end it gets quite
then and also quite quite chewy so we
would generally just use these butts
we've got we just put those those in a
nice nice pile over there
like so the next I do the line or the
top part of the Philip and this one's
slightly different it's got a few ways
ways that it can be done but generally
it's cut with the green so you can see
the lines on it they sort of yeah
they're like sort of almost a v-shape
and so just go to the air and what we
want to do is just sort of cut down on
an angle like so
display those slide days up there make a
bit more room
and it's very important let's just
concentrate when you're doing this make
sure your fingers are well out of the
way before you pull the knife back and
again generally wouldn't use the in but
just for presentation purposes
and next we have the top half of the
belly so this but you can see the grain
runs on an angle that way which would be
towards the top heat end of the Philip
if it's still on the fish and we want to
cut against the grain on this one so
because the lines run this way we're
going to cut on an angle down that way
so just off sorry
just like that
and you go all the way to the end with
this one just put that in a nice pile
yeah
are these up on the side so you can see
watch which parts I fish we've got next
we've got the bottom of the belly bit
and again we want to run against the
grain so tuna over because the grain is
running that way and just go like that
the spurts generally cut nice and thin
and because the belly is a lot chillier
than the rest of the fish so the thinner
it is a bit of the taste and when
cutting sashimi and the Japanese they
they cut each individual part of the
fish so that each different part is the
same texture
and feel in the mouth which is why they
separate the three different parts of
the filler because each one has
different grains so it can be cut so
that has the same same feel in the mouth
and that's how we do sashimi
Oh